birds of the Caribbean - is what this
should be called because again there's
so many and we haven't even shown all
the photographs of the birds but to see
if if you're a bird lover you will like
it if you're not then you might not
understand that thing behind it but it
is amazing to see these magnificent
creatures the sounds you hear in the
background are not local recordings
obviously this was photographed so what
I have had to do is use some of the
ambient sound CDs I have which I use in
my program and some of them are bird
sounds of North American birds forest
birds and jungle sounds so it's not
exactly what you would hear if you were
there but close facsimile because the
air is full of sound it is a it's the
sole line one of the reasons we're doing
this now and with more commentary and
which we will be using more on that
videos is that is of the 2008 some of
our videos which I really enjoy making
him the way I make the videos is I used
to get a audio track on music
specifically a music and it was I was
aware that the music was not necessarily
public domain but what I did would do is
get a soundtrack of music piece and then
I would start editing to it to try and
capture the feelings that I did I felt
because I just loved music and nature
and it's it's so so vital to us to relax
us and make us feel good well
unfortunately we've been told that
because
some of the music is copyrighted it
becomes unknown so we are now trying to
stay away from copyrighted music we are
looking for anyone that might be able to
supply or have any non copyrighted music
that they would wish to use or sound
effects or anything like that to do with
nature birds anything like we're looking
for Internet they would be willing to
allow us to use but they have to give
full permission and it would be for a
one time broadcast on YouTube but I if
it is please contact us if you have
anything if you know of anyone that has
only music they would like to feature we
are interested in all kinds would you
have some from Cuba which we have
permission to use and I'm gonna be
learning more about using different
things like course nature you know the
soft sounds I mean I had such beautiful
soundtrack to go with this video but
have to make do with my voice and the
birds
this sequence was photographed by Cindy
outside of our accommodations in salmon
a Dominican Republic and she went out
there she was amazed to find this I
don't know what kind of palm tree it is
but it was just inundated with birds all
different kinds of birds and they were
picking the seeds off it they were
feeding within one day from the start of
one day to the next day all the seeds
those herbs are beads that you see there
they were all picked off the birds took
him and ate him I don't know what what
it is but again she was just so amazed
and she has a lot of shots of the birds
actually with their seats in their
mouths so she was out there I don't know
how long I was visiting other stuff but
Cindy was out there with her camera
snapping away and has some excellent
excellent photograph